todo:

X   auto collapse sidebar
X   close all dd and dt tags!!
X   don't resize mainbody text on @media call to shrink sidebar text
X   change ToC to Frontier Fighters ToC
X   sidebar collapse button doesn't imply its use right now
X       added dark strip, icon could be better
X   put icons in proper folder
X   Get working version of this whole thing on github! and use it! commit and fork!
X   Gallery link on issue page can get squashed. Should pop out on side?
X       Also should not require hover
X   Footer and sidebar too short if wrapper2 is too short! 
X   js for squish tables
X       js to resize td height when td:before is too long and wraps
X   Publisher page
X   Brand Group
X   Brand Group List
X   Indicia Pub
X   Indicia Pub List
X   make page that points to all existing demos.
X   footer at bottom of page in all cases!
X   "back to top" button
X        add to all pages
X   add element listener to detect when to resize sidebar!!
X       implement this on all pages (you did it first on brand-groups)
X       account for risk of overly long sidebar!
X   smaller expand / collapse buttons
X       move checkboxes
X       shrink ToC font-size in sidebar
X       make story-hover buttons always visible
X   expand all, collapse all
X   disable squish tables for ie
X    Some javascript isn't running  on brand emblem list - why?
X       bc no wrapper1 or wrapper2, throws errors
X   Initialize checkboxes for non-collapsed panels
X   back button on issue navigator should be greyed out when not possible   
X   Push Log in to the left of scrollbar (noticed on mac)
o   hide checked checkboxes for edge
        can't fix this for edge without losing design for all other webkit
        current version isn't pretty but still works


    WTF series page / timeline
    Status of Records
X       both types should start at same pixel point (add spacer)
X       Status of records types should open with same button
        timeline could be an either/or with status of records
            click button to change from one table to another (hide/show)
X   change expand defaults for all pages
        for series / series TL
X   Remove footer from wrapper1!! on all pages
        series / series TL page
X   switch svg icons to glyphicons font
        on series / series TL page


    .mainbody ul padding left? can i bring this down to 0?


    Login Dropdown
        plus my comics

    Test with Firefox

    Test with Safari

